Here is some milk and oaten cake.
From Ducks And Drakes (Mother Goose rhyme):
And a halfpenny cake,
From Bat, Bat (Mother Goose rhyme):
I'll give you a cake
From "As the Chairman of the Committee / How Beautiful / Never Was There a Girl So Fair / Some Girls Can Bake a Pie" from "As the Chairman of the Committee / How Beautiful / Never Was There a Girl So Fair / Some Girls Can Bake a Pie Lyrics - Of Thee I Sing musical":
She takes the cake -
From "To Life" from "To Life Lyrics - Fiddler on the Roof musical":
One day it's honey and raisin cake,
Don't that take the cake
At the church social bake,
From "On the Good Ship Lollipop" from "On the Good Ship Lollipop Lyrics - A Day in Hollywood / A Night in the Ukraine musical":
See the sugar bowl do the tootsie roll
With the big bad devil's food cake.
Sweet as a cake
And the people haven't any bread;
I say let 'em all eat cake.
And baked him a cake
And they sent me a ticket
But I guess I missed the plane
Is it the baker who gave you a cake
Is it the butcher who brought you a steak
Was sugar cake
We ask them for bread and get ?let them eat cake?
when it comes to brains I take the cake
The sacramental cake:
Well, I'll be a lawman's piece of cake
But before they get me , my life I'll take
And the maid comes in with coffee and cake
is just icing on the cake,
there is nothing like dancing,
Nibblin' on sponge cake
Watchin' the sun bake
And when you stand before the candles on a cake
Oh, let me be the one to hear the silent wish you make
There's no bread, let them eat cake
There's no end to what they'll take
In the wedding cake?
I want to be the girl with the most cake
This is what you call presidential cake up
Shake your money maker until the night break up
I light the candles and I cut the cake
I put my face down in the cake
Back inside Sam, throw away your cake
What's up? They all want the cake
And I will bake a sugar cake
Baby Cham and Foxy Brown, ah we take the cake
Drop a bomb on them now it's like a earthquake
A piece of your cake?
He was the one afraid to cut the cake
Right, look, I was out of town getting cake
Well did he leave your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cake
A sell dem sell very cheap fi fruit cake
DJ, clean the pattan, grab a broom, hol the rake
But I wake, mountains pop out of the cake
Rubberbands round cash im makin cake
We get a bit of the good life, a piece of the cake
And enough of the hard times to keep us awake.
Mary antoinette enjoyed her cake
After Canada the USA's a piece of cake
All the sales records I'll break
And ain't no fake gonna steal my cake
Homie over here's tryin to take his cake
He's just sittin in the cut waitin for a mistake
makes you humble for the pot, I know he's accustomed to the cake
You traded in your real man for trailer life and funnel cake
Don't say the doctor never warned you about the side effects of what you take
Want a big piece of the cake
If you look out of the window
Is sweeter than the cake
I like cake,
I'll cut out cake
Don't need candles and cake
I'm gonna be on you like a fat kid on cake!
Becomes a piece of cake
(the boys who have no mother sweet)
No one to show them their mistake
So damp and rich a cake-
Back the cake,
The way John Goodman needs cake
this dessert, takes the cake,
Becomes a piece of cake
While he gorges on truffles and cake.
When there was a challenge to take
When there was still one piece of cake
when it comes to brains I take the cake
It's more than just the money that's at stake.
That's nice, but it's just icing on the cake.
Not an enticing effect to be icing your face like a cake
Some take just apple pie, some take just cake
I'll take the dish I please,
please the dish I take
Happy birthday darling, I've no present, no fancy cake
Vanilla fudge and wedding cake
We ought to bake a sunshine cake,
[We ought to bake a sunshine cake]
[So why not bake a sunshine cake,]
I thought the world was sugar cake
From "What Are You Doing the Rest of Your Life?" by Barbra Streisand:
before the candles on a cake
Oh let me be the one to hear
the silent wish you make
He's a piece of cake
>From the ginseng root
It's as easy as pie, and as simple as cake
Dre get on the mic and make 'em tremble and shake
Matter fact make me a birthday cake
Celebrate, drink up, get your cake up,
Did you leave your pretty fingers flying in the wedding cake?
Spaghetti and cookies and cake
About the time the couple cut the cake
and janey's fingers were in the cake
While blowing out the candles on a birthday cake
Staying up all night to watch the morning break
Blow out the candles on the cake
Running this hotel is no piece of cake
some folks like cake
some swim in the ocean
some paddle in the lake
He said don't worry it's a piece of cake
I popped out from a cake
At the president's ball what a big mistake
Poor old papa carved the turkey and little sister cut the cake
Too many reaching for a piece of cake
you sick little cup cake,
Now it's time to light another candle on the cake
Why don't you take a stone and eat it just as if it were a cake
You could be surprised to see the sort of things that she can bake
It ain't hard to tell, you know I get cake
It all comes with the wedding cake
But you take the cake
You could charm the diamonds
I live in a cake,
I make spaghetti, she brings cake
And when she lights the candles
I had to leave before they even cut the cake.
I'm the one that get the cake
I'm the one that isn't fake
The streets is talkin and they tellin me to go get that cake
I swear it ain't been the same ever since I got cake
Every dollar I can make, I'm a get it 'til the day of my wake
I'm on a paper chase for pies, yeah that cookies and cake
I'm on a paper chase for pies, yeah that cookies and cake
And you're filling your fat face with every different kind of cake
That's the chance you've got to take
You serve me up with cake
Well all that icing and all that cake,
in the wedding cake?
This is what you call presidential cake up
Shake your money maker, Till the night break up
This is what you call presidential cake up
Remember I'm gonna spend my cake
Yeah I VV'd the stones, dog I'm into cake
I been an ape, diamonds in the dinner plate
You like the frosting, you just bought the cake
The kids won't eat my charcoal cake
Playin' patty cake (patty cake)
My momma's in the kitchen (kitchen)
Wit' the Shake 'n Bake
Magoo got on the stockin' cap
Thinking about you is the icing on the cake.
Makes me realize the fact you're gone for good for goodness sake.
Now they're out in the woods eating ice-cream and cake
Sweeter than a buckwheat cake
About the time the couple cut the cake
But we played as long as they stayed
It's time to get wise, rise, and cut the cake
Don't take much for the Earth to quake
iceing on a cake
Carved our initials on top of the cake
The heart and the arrow - the rattle and the snake
Here on earth I'll have my cake
I'm the candles on you're cake
And if you're Eva then I'm the snake
when do i jump out of the cake
famous for his cake
and when the boys came over from texas
they said "we'll take everything we can take..."
Where we're all gonna have a cake.
Can I have another piece of chocolate cake?
Can I buy another cheap Picasso fake?
Why my homeys ain't get that cake
Why is a brother up North better than Jordan
Half baked, eatin' ganja cake
You know a brother bond is hard to break
Janey's fingers were in the cake
If I told you what I make, everytime I flip a cake
You would probably try to take, the same trip that I take
i lived in a cake
but i never saw the way
the orange slayed the rake
From "To the End" by My Chemical Romance:
I'll forget all the diamonds you ate.
Lost in coma and covered in cake.
Increase the medication.
Share the vows at the wake.
All's fair in love and war, piece of cake
Claiming the got backs but they never share their cake
Talking 'bout sharing but all they do is take
Give me a cake
And a piece of the wedding cake
to get the money the MONEY the MONEY the MONEY the CAKE
4-fizzy, I'm in the loop wit Biggie, piece of fruit CAKE
They don't want no problems watch they boots SHAKE
From "Spirit in the Night" by Manfred Mann's Earth Band:
And Janey's fingers were in the cake
Ain't no piece of cake
it hasn't always been a piece of cake
Did you leave your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cake?
on my way up, gettin my cake up
Just icing on the cake
Is the shake.
Want you to come get a file in your cake
Here comes the snake
He lost his slice of the eternal cake
Well, God's in His Heaven and He's on the take
The girl in the cake
As we keep you wired, so up the stakes, cut the cake
Regulate, we delegate and dead they take
dem sin a pile up on dem and it a cake up
Won't feed the birds bread boys, let them eat cake
I'll make my money, set my cake up
Only got 23 days and then wake up
Now, let's set it straight, B-I-G don't cuff or cake
People say you can't have your cake
and then eat it too.
Some songs sound like cake
straight to the hood to see some new cake
I gotta stay awake when I hold the cake
'cause the grim reaper looking for a soul to take
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
Those who fake, they break,
When they meet their 400 pound mate
Where you said put the cake
How you fed me the grapes
What I did with the ice that made you shake, shake
Now when the night's over and the girl is gone
soup and his kingly cake
spaghetti and cookies and cake
He said you try it, I said it's a piece of cake
Too much sugar and too much cake
Are you made or broken by the birthday cake?
You may be slower on the uptake
Thirty-nine (39) candles burnt out on a cake
The last one still burns, there's a wish I can make
Sweet carob rice cake
She don't care how the sweets taste
Well, she go to see the baker when she wants a cake
She go to see the butcher when she wants a steak
Traveling and stacking the cake
I've got some mochomo cake
now my cake up
Man, this really takes the cake
You bake my cake
What I'm trying to say is I like the way
Cutting the cake
I'm cake
It got so heavy thought the ground would shake
see the sugar bowl do a tootsi roll and the bad devils food cake
I wanna have my piece of cake
Seperate good from the bad and fake
Yeah and I'm about cake
If you not then skate
Violet wants ice cream, Violet wants cake
I want the whole of the cake
For the birthday cake
Been like this ever since I got my cake up
Pick up the dirt off the concrete and shake up
I flashed a grin and said, Jack this is gonna be a piece of cake
Later tonight we'll head down to the Last Stand, split up the take.
They do whatever it takes to keep a lil' cake
Catch them a duck, they want everything that he make
Well, here come the Martians
Baking up a Martian cake
What kind of flavor do these Martians make.
but the something on the side is what takes the cake
and the surplus of uppers and apparitions
are the only things that keep me up
These limitations that burden me must be the icing on your cake
To much icind on the cake
But your kiss is sweeter than the cake
My heart, my soul, my candy, my cake
I'm a bake a hater cake today
seems like a cake
slippin' through the layers of illusion that you bake
Being that we ugly, it ain't a piece of cake.
I'm selfish got to have the pie and the whole cake
Working non-stop no breaks for the house on the lake
comin' around for devil's cake
rising up out of the lake
There were no balloons or cake
Dark, rich and thick like a fresh baked cake
I'm craving the taste of the cake
Where you goin'? Where I'm goin? Finna get the cake!/
Last week, I swear to god, I made the street break
If I knew you were comin' I'd've baked a cake
Ate up all of the wedding cake, Uh-huh.
Baby don't stop, take it to the top
Eat it like a piece of cake
Her name is Little Debbie, and I love her cake
Light a fuse, bake a cake
Thirty-one candles on her birthday cake
You'll miss my carrot cake
I love you like a fat kid love cake
First they brought in tay and cake
Antagonizing pressure is the icing on the cake
I eat my cake
The kids won't eat my charcoal cake
Up with the monkeys, I sure love the monkeys
But this job ain't all cookies and cake
His friends assembled at the wake.
They brought in tea and whisky cake.
All the world is birthday cake
Tryin' to stay real in the industry that's fake
I ain't tryina sell my soul but I'm tryina get this cake
And I will bake a sugar cake
Not to mention the hideaway that rests by the lake
Consider my raw demeanor the icing on the cake
Life is just a piece of cake
'cause wit whipped cream on em, they taste just like cake
Most friends were broke, only a couple had cake
I'd celebrate at your wake, I'd bake myself a cake
I'ma play x-ray, helpin' y'all see the fake
I'm just tryin' to be the great, tryin' to get a piece of cake
You can't get a slice if you don't bake the cake
Ask them to scratch a record, you will see he fake
If 50 was Puffy, you'd run and go get him a cheese cake
That itself makes a brother wanna break
But bein an entertainer puts the icin on the cake
The money we make, the hookers we take
Your pockets we shake for cake
So just cut the stupid cake
But this one takes the cake
And ain't no fake gonna steal my cake
if they don't, then just break 'em off, they gotta bake
makes you humble for the pot, I know he's accustomed to the cake
I'm a man - I insist you insist on a piece of cake
You're a man - You insist I insist on a piece of cake
And when they told your wife Marie
"Let 'em eat cake."
If now I didn't make a point- there is no point to make
I don't want a piece of your cake!
Tryin' not to go to jail, tryin' not to cake up
We smash for cake
In the trails the aeroplanes make
In an old age pension-less cake
Vanilla fudge and wedding cake
(You are just the icing to put on my cake)
From "Take a Tiger By the Tail" by Eddy Arnold:
Eat a crocodile cake
We must watch the stuff you make
You have let us eat the cake
To make up for that piece of cake
Matter fact make me a birthday cake
And start to bake a sugar cake
send her to the money she be back before i wake up
ha get your cake up
Send her to the money she be back before I wake up
Get cha cake up
Somebody's been digging 'round in my cake.
When a waiter brought out a big strawberry cake
I hid in the bush when the lead I did take
And I quietly finished my strawberry cake
That's on the C, DPG will never break up
There's too much motherfuckin' paper to cake up
From "In the Cool, Cool, Cool of the Evening" by Bette Midler:
stake and a layer cake.
The jingoistic cake
And they're resurrecting Churchill
Blood the colour rain that grew our wicked harvest
Black the colour icing on our cake
Buy by the time we made it up to greasy lake
i had my head out the window
and janey's fingers were in the cake
From "I'd Rather Ride Around With You" by Reba McEntire:
The length of the dress
The layers on the cake
Oh one of these days I might get married too
I could be on your shelf, could be the risk you take.
I'm a cup of hot coffee, I'm a piece of cake.
I could be on your shelf, could be the bread you bake.
I can fill your larder, I'm a piece of cake.
you can bowl me over, I'm a piece of cake.
Better think about the wish I make
Been piece of cake
He said don't worry it's a piece of cake
Four and twenty blackbirds in a cake
And bake them all in a pie
odd years without having my cake up
You dudes is cake
Then blow out the candles, and have a piece of cake!
Then I went to the freezer thought I'd cook me a steak
All I found was that old piece of our wedding cake.
The few hours off to eat wedding cake
But I hear tell someone's been diggin round in my cake
Cause the only food they sell there
'Cause the recipe you're making
And the crumbs they're selling after
Much more than just the money he can make
Come with the wedding cake
Comes with the wedding cake
a piece of cake
when the bones in ya' pelvis break.
Red Velvet cake
You know the measure of a man is much more
Than just the money he can make
Joy and tears come with the wedding cake.
It all comes with the wedding cake...
I eat it up and take the cake
In time I've earned my cake,
Today my son birthday and I can't even buy a cake
My god sister's gettin' married by the lake,
I had to leave before they even cut the cake.
She in her birthday suit cause of the damn cake
You serve me up with cake
The next to come were the Duck and Drake,
Who ate every crumb of the wedding cake.
Cuz wit whipped cream on em, they taste just like cake
The beach front estate, mega yacht by the lake
The safe in the floor with a life time of cake
Him and Genius flew back from, Uganda black, gettin' that cake
Just the sweet watermelon and the buckwheat cake
Gotta get my cake up
Marie said "Just let them eat cake"
Four and twenty blackbirds in a cake
And bake them all in a pie
From "Matthew And Son" by Cat Stevens:
for a cup of cold coffee and a piece of cake.
I will be the file in the cake
we sold out in any store in the US
getting that independent cake
I'm gonna bake me her favorite cake
But wait, he got singles in his cake
Ma, I made the mistake, you gave me a break
I got locked by the jake, you was right I had to take the whole cake
The unity bond is broken and the loyalty songs are fake
I'll screw my only brother for even a glimpse at a piece of the cake
From "Another galaxy" by Paul Simon:
She drove across the border
Leaving all the yellow roses on her wedding cake
Her mother's tears, her breakfast order
People do what they do, how much can they take
They just get the news and the ones in power always get the cake
Thinking about you is the icing on the cake.
It's time to get wise, rise, and cut the cake
Becomes a piece of cake
Did we mention each meal would be full of fun cake?
Mek all mi allstar cake
If the sun should get too hot
It's gonna melt the icing on our cake
Mind right, cake up
Birthday wordplay, piece of cake
heaven is a beef-cake.
Beef cake?
Triple beam wit da lean, the man wit da cake
I believe in birthday cake
And going with the flow
And I can't be runnin late cause I'm about that cake
Of the creamy flavoured soft and meltin'
Sweet potatoe cake
From "Saline the Salt Lake Queen" by Rasputina:
there lived a little girl who loved to bake.
The only thing she'd make was cake,
Four and twenty blackbirds in a cake
By the time we made it up to Greasy Lake
My head was out the window
Janey's fingers were in the cake
I bake Donald Trump cake
i grind hard from the second i awake
so i get up off my bump and go get that cake
But im still gettin cake
I'm your cream cake
Before you hibernate and you come out a crab cake"
When I was nine I said a rhyme by putting candles on my cake
I love you like a fat kid love cake
You're just like the others, fickle and fake
If you bring enough for them, you can have your cake
From "Spirit in the Night" by Manfred Mann's Earth Band:
By the time we made it up to Greasy Lake
I had my head out the window
And Janey's fingers were in the cake
Do you see the key in my hand?
I'm gonna throw it in the lake
You take the cake.
Your style is all tissue, chocolate fudge cream cake
Picnics on beaches and punts on the lake
Luck seemed to serve us a slice of life's cake
Baby don't stop, take it to the top, eat it like a piece of cake
She's gonna run the table, if you let her break
She might pop out of the top of a birthday cake
You know, the measure of a man
Is much more than just the money he can make
Come with the wedding cake.
I moved to the land of sand and ill earthquakes
I didn't know this was the place I'd get my piece of the cake
Or the piece of the pie, U-N-I-T-Y
Oh I could throw you in the lake
Or feed you poison birthday cake
caught in the middle for it`s too high a stake
i`m popping out of my rebirthday cake
I make the whole bed shake like an earthquake
I bang up like a birthday cake
Watch me bake my own cake
Now the holy macaroni was a million dollar flake
Ended up in folsom but the file was in the cake
The camel's tellin' you to come on, you had to cake it
You have sex with cake
dem sin a pile up on dem and it a cake up
Won't feed the birds bread boys, let them eat cake
From "Fruitcake" by Eraserheads:
Life is a piece of cake
And start to bake a sugar cake
It's no piece of cake,
I say stick together God until y'all cake up
With help from buying all the products they make
That way they get the biggest slice of the cake
ni mamul bbetnun kosun negenun piece of a cake
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
Ice cream and cake.
Whether we have not or have cake
Crawling out of the woodwork
For a slice of cake
Are you made or broken by the birthday cake?
My mother never takes a break
And I share her love of wine and cake
Same knife that cuts your throat divides the cake
Well, his friends assembled at the wake,
well, first she brought out tea and cake,
then pipes and tobacco and brandy punch
Still you want to have and eat your cake
Well I found a match and wrote these words on your cake
From "The Other Cheek" by Tanya Stephens:
and the brook valley man dem need a slice a di cake
And boats on the lake
And a red-head freckled face blows out the candles on his birthday cake
Cutting the cake
Yo Shoes Yo Clothes && Even Yo Cake
Becomes a piece of cake
But your friends are hungry so just cut the stupid cake.
But there’s no sense crying over every mistake
You just keep on trying till you run out of cake
Gave up your lot for a bite of the cake
From "Live At the Tunnel" by Cru:
I keeps the real, separate from the fake
If I kill, yo, I'm doin' so for the cake
My piece of the cake
It's a'one big... one big... one big... cake!
From "The Anthem" by Lootpack:
But everywhere around the gates people saying that ya fake
Like dropping out of weight while you're trying to have your cake
And they might get knocked but that's the chances we take
You know it's all for the cake, yeah it's all for the cake
Still, the tests keep getting harder and she needed a break.
That's when the voice began to barter with the promise of cake.
She had completed all the tests and never made a mistake.
She knew it couldn't be much farther.
She could almost taste the cake.
let there be no mistake of the point I'm trying to make
on my birthday give me a burger not a cake
Love burns all and hate takes the cake
I'd built a boat and float on the open lake
And we would sail under the stars eating strawberry cake
I'm a bake a hater cake today
Then its kissy smiley, fake fake fake, Like a cake
And every night they lie awake
And dream of mama's chocolate cake
Hey producer cut me on the cake
Everyday is a grind, gotta get the cake up
We drank a lot of stout and ate a lot of cake!
He said baby you'r so hott you could bake my cake
But there's no sense crying
till you run out of cake.
I'm craving the taste of the cake
I shake the jake to get the cake
But she knew all the while 'cause
Baked inside a fudge cake.
Ain't nothing but a fruit cake
She'll even beg the sweetness
Out of a ginger cake
Won't even buy me cheap, cheap cake
Let's spend some cake
Jimmy wanna piece o' your chocolate cake!
